Banks on the blockchain don't require middleman fees, it's accessible at any time everyday, and the liquidation is instant
Different from traditional distributed storage, the uniqueness of distributed storage of blockchain is mainly reflected in two aspects: first, each node of blockchain stores complete data according to block chain structure, while traditional distributed storage generally stores data into several parts according to certain rules. Second, each node of the blockchain is independent and has the same status, relying on the consensus mechanism to ensure the consistency of storage, while traditional distributed storage generally synchronizes data to other backup nodes through the central node.
Traditional banks are third parties and trust entities, while banks on the blockchain are autonomous banks which are operated under program.
banks on the blockchain is under a decentralized financial mode and is at a lower cost and risk
compared to traditional banks, banks on the blockchain are more transparent and efficient and are less costly
The traditional banks are centralized and costly. They use traditional contracts to do transactions and it is very difficult to establish a new bank, which requires a long time of review and credit investigation. The banks in blockchain are decentralized. They us smart contracts and it¡¯s easy as well as fast to be build only needing a string of special codes and few steps of auditing.
Yes, please show
In bank on the blockchain, they can have the immediate information (be updated in time) second, those bank improves the transparency and objectivity of the chatter regulatory data of the internet. Third, they are provided strong support of the risk control.it can enhance the credit system.
The banks on blockchain trade in tokens on the website and they are not the entity banks, while the traditional one trade in real money and have the entity banks on the road. The traditional one has mostly complete service mechanism but is not professional. The other is more professional but it official capacity is limited.
Yes, please show
Traditional banks are centralised while those on the blockchain are decentralized
Traditional Bank= there is a third party (traditional contract)... Blockchain Bank: no third party (Smart contract)
Bank on the blockchain only requires internet connection and takes place instantly for transaction whereas traditional bank method is much more complicated
Blockchain banks, compared to traditional banks have much quicker processes. Because of this there is no need of a midldleman and there are no unnecessary charges.
the main differences between traditional fiat money (euros, dollars, pounds, etc.) and crypto (bitcoin, Ether, etc.). The main difference would be that crypto is a decentralized and global digital currency, or, in other words, outside the control of the banks and not backed by a central government. As a result, cryptocurrency is immune to the old ways of government control and interference.  Otherwise, there is no fundamental difference. Both fiat currency and cryptocurrency can be called money or currency. Both, in their essence, are mediums of exchange that are used to store and transfer value. Cryptocurrency, as well as fiat currency, can be used to purchase goods and services. Both have their value governed by supply, demand, work, scarcity, and other economic factors
liquid vs non-liquid
Yes, please show
People can achieve latest information about the market and make decision in banks on the blockchain. Also, with more risk, they will get more in banks on the blockchain than in traditional bank.
the format is different and the cost and they use different standard
Today traditional banks are facing issues such as: Inefficient Payment, Clearing Processes, Inability to Stop Fraud and Limited Number of Currency Options  Benefits of Blockchain Over Traditional Systems There are ways blockchain can reduce or eliminate these issues for financial institutions. More Efficient Approval Systems When compared to traditional payment approval processes, many blockchains are already more efficient. Instead of waiting days for payments to go through clearinghouses, a well-designed blockchain can complete the verification process in minutes or seconds. More importantly, blockchain also offers a more transparent and immutable option. No More Fraud While fraud seems like a pervasive issue in society, this can be reduced using technology. Blockchain can change how people prove identity and access services. Increased Digital Payment Options While blockchain has many use cases, this is one example of how technology can change finance and the global economy. Now, there is a range of coins and tokens like Ivy that serve important purposes within existing regulatory and legislative frameworks.
Traditional banks need a lot of paper work, the processes in general are slow because they need third parties. Especially when making credits the process i sslow and dofficult. Banks with blockchain avoid third-parties and those fees don't need to be paid, credits are based on the information in the blockchain and descentralization makes the process faster as well.
Blockchain band adopts distributed accounting and decentralization.
Traditional banks are third parties and trust entities, while banks on the blockchain are autonomous banks which are operated under program.
Banks on the blockchain is automatically exectued and there is no middle authority or external enforcement mechanism. It's more secure, more transparent and immutable and lower cost thanthe traditional bank.
Compared with ordinary banks, it can speed up the transaction speed, because funds do not need to go through several banks to reach the bank account of the final destination; reduce transaction costs; break through the geographical barriers; get rid of the third-party control through decentralized block chain transactions.
Transactions are reversible in the banking system which is not reversible in blockchain
The one on the blockchain has a system of real time settlement, while the traditional one does not.
traditional bank stores its money physically and they are able to produce more money to control the inflation rate of the country which is disadvantaging people and also your money is taken when storing in bank, different from traditional, block chain bank are not able to control the inflation rate as it is not able to control the amount of money out there. it stores money virtually as money is a memory.
blockchain banking, if fully adopted, it will enable banks to process payments more quickly and more accurately while reducing transaction processing costs and the requirement for exceptions.
banks on blockchain could facilitate faster payments at lower fees, while traditional banks cannot
The tamper proof, decentralized, immutable nature of blockchain make it ideal for reducing costs and streamlining everything from payments, asset trading, securities issuance, retail banking, and clearing settlements
Blockchain technology offers a number of advantages over conventional banking. Quicker transactions, for instance. ... Because blockchain makes transactions so much quicker, it renders third parties and their charges unnecessary, which means businesses involved in multi-nation transactions will benefit.
Traditional banks are old and more conservative and need to have lots of reassurance if they are going to help a party while banking with blockchain is transparent therefore both bank and other Party can see whats going on without one side hiding something
Traditional Banks are centralised and the latter is decentralized
There are more technologies including big data, analysis, blockchain and many more comparing to the traditional bank.
Traditional Banks need offline physical buildings, and users need to operate through cumbersome procedures, sometimes with fees. Banks on the blockchain are safer, more transparent, more automated and faster.
Banks on blockchain is usually front-end business oriented as it has its limitations which some processes are required to deal manually and traditional banks handle to whole financial process. Although, we see a great prospect in DeFi banks; however, traditional banks will not be eliminated unless another revolutionary technology occurs to process those actions.
The most obvious and basic use of blockchain technology is for Banks to use it as a payment system. These transactions can be done immediately with only an Internet connection. Sure, it may take a few minutes to 100% confirm a trade, but the trade itself is only a flash in the wind. These transactions are borderless, secure and largely anonymous. Moreover, transaction costs are extremely low, costing only a few cents per transaction, making it a much cheaper way to send money around the world than traditional Banks. Sending money abroad is a difficult job. Fees are high, processing time is slow, money can be intercepted or stolen, and legal and tax issues must be considered. Banks based on blockchain technology will be able to eliminate these problems.
The transactions are quicker. Customers no longer need to expose their personal information to third parties that may lead to identity fraud.
payment and remittance;account balance and deposit;secondary market trading and clearing;primary market offering and initial public offerings.
banks on blockchain have less cost on processing payments, and are bale to create new product and services that can generate important new revenue streams. It also would have a more trusted and open-sourced platforms that securely transmit data and value. Whereas traditional banks would tend to be centralized in the central banks.   Showing the difference where, traditional banks operates in a centralized system, while banks on blockchain operates in a decentralized system.
banks on the blockchain are transparent and secure since the money is not kept by a central authority.
Quicker transactions, for instance. Conventional ways of banking are known to consume a lot of time as third parties are always needed. However, blockchain can do in a matter of seconds the things that would normally take three days to complete. It has also reduced transaction costs
