Money has three main functions: exchange media, account unit and storage
We need money to conduct a business and also maintain our daily life and we also need money to create more value
we need money to live and it can also give you freedom and choices.
Money is valuable because we want it, but we want it only because it can get us a desired product or service.
It is difficult to barter equally. Money is a story/consensus. It deserves trust and is easy for memory. Each transaction is part of ledger shared by every person¡¯s brain. Money also builds a gossip network to ensure everyone is on the same page.
we need money to help us realize commodity exchange and acquire the resources we need.
we need money to trade for the resources we need to maintain our living
Because barter economic fail to work due to the double coincidence of wants and we need money to finish the transactions.
Yes, please explain
It gives freedom and the luxury of making choices
If we apply barter economy, sometimes it fails to be divided and counted in value, it¡¯s inconvenient for government to monitor the market.
The money is used as medium of exchange, measure of value, standard do deferred payment and store of value. The commodity economy requires the money or it¡¯s hard to develop the economy.
With money£¬one can trade for what they want in an exchange for what they have.
Because in this planet, without money, you will be homeless
Money is needed to relieve people¡¯s brains from accounting
To make transactions and investments easier
for trading, get what we need
Because in the earth, money is used for survival
Money is the essence of everything, in the capitalist world that we live in. Nowadays we need money for everything such as for basic needs like eating or even medicine when we are sick. Money enables us to exchange it for services and goods that we need or that we desire. Without money there are very little things one can get.
What money can do for you is what is What money can do for you is what is really important. Money gives you freedom and choices. You can decide where and how you want to live when you have a good income or financial resources. On the other hand, when you do not have much money, choice may be something that you cannot afford. important. Money gives you freedom and choices. You can decide where and how you want to live when you have a good income or financial resources. On the other hand, when you do not have much money, choice may be something that you cannot afford.
money is the transactions of buying any good or service
Money gives you freedom and choices.
Long time ago we used barter. This way to trade brought many challenges like the value of goods was hard to estimated. So money trade is a way for convenient and fair trade.
Save the cost of pricing and offer a tool for people to make exchange activities
Money gives you freedom and choices. You can decide where and how you want to live when you have a good income or financial resources. On the other hand, when you do not have much money, choice may be something that you cannot afford. The choices available to you may not really be choices at all.
We need money to cover our expenses and have a good life. It is also the way in which we can obtain objects we need . Generally the price is set to be fair so that we do not pay more or less that its real price.
We need to live.
It is difficult to barter equally. Money is a store or a consensus. It deserves trust and is easy for memory. Each transaction is part of ledger shared by every person¡¯s brain. It also builds gossip network to ensure everyone is on the same page.
We need money to exchange what we want and invest to earn more money.
Money is a kind of memory, we need it to help us remember the trading content.
to survive and to live better and create one's value
Because money is the evidence of labour
Money is essensial as it works as a consensus it is used for a medium of exchange, a stock value, also a unit of account. knowing there functions they are very useful in life.
We need money to survive, feed families, go on holiday, education etc...
because it helps us to fulfill our basic necessities , such as foods, clothings, etc. it also helps us when we want to work or start a business, such as purchasing assets or stocks, and to invest. money also affects our decision to purchase something
offers freedom and choices
t helps us get some of life's intangibles ¡ª freedom or independence, the opportunity to make the most of our skills and talents, the ability to choose our own course in life, financial security. With money, much good can be done and much unnecessary suffering avoided or eliminated
Money is needed to keep everything running. For people to be able to buy objects and things. to satisfy their needs and wants and to be able to sell things. To gain wealth as money is used to see how much value a person has gained
Ensure that transactions are equivalent, play a role as a medium, so that transactions are more widely carried out
We need money because we need a medium to define the value of different goods to make equivalent exchanges between different goods.
We need money to survive. Everything you do in live need money involved. You buy your basic daily needs with money and even you have to earn money to make an economic transaction.
We need a common standard to achieve the exchange of goods, and money is such a standard and consensus.
Money is the best alternative as compare to other trading currencies like gold, silver or other metallic substances. It solves the ancient trading problems as it represents a unit of measure, it is easy to carry and it wasn¡¯t easy to lose its value (in the past, USD was pegged to gold). Moreover, money is a consensus trading currency and therefore, all of these great characteristics are the reasons why we need money.
Money is primarily a medium of exchange or means of exchange. The whole idea is that one can trade for what they want in an exchange for what they have. We can compare money to food. It is literally impossible to survive without money. Everything now has a price tag, whether it is as basic as water or light£¡ Our entire lives basically revolve around money. It is not the tradition or culture that keeps a country going but rather the financial structure which includes money.
Money gives us more choice and freedom.
we need it for trading and investment.
It is because money creates freedom and choices. The more money you have more choices you can have and not be restricted. Money also allow us to trade with others depending on the items value that was decided by legal authorities and governments.
because we need to exchange and we cannot remember all transactions
Money gives you freedom and choices.
