Every labor has he or she own talents and must has higher efficiency in doing specific things .And the resources in the world are of scarcity so we have to ensure every single resource is fully used.
Labor and trading are specialized. It is difficult to barter equally. They share double coincidence of wants: time, location and scale.
because they are important for maximizing the utility of resources and capitals
because it influence whether one can maximize the utility of resources and capital
Division of labor & Trading promote the efficiency.
Yes, please explain
Division of labor combines specialization and the partition of a complex production task into several, or many, sub-tasks. Its importance in economics lies in the fact that a given number of workers can produce far more output using division of labor compared to the same number of workers each working alone.
It can make our society be specialization, it can double the coincidence of wants, like time and location.
do not place all eggs in one basket.
Both are related with the advantages of specialization. specialization can increase producion efficiency and reduces cost, by enabling people or nations to focus on their strong areas.
Division of labor= workers become more effective and efficient through specialization, trading= to fulfill someone's need (goals can be achieved)
The division of labour is the motive for trade and the source of economic interdependence
Division of labour is a key in production. When labour is divided, it allows to have more production and it is more efficient. If tasks are split and each person works in their field of competence, work is more effective and efficient, as already mentioned.
Trade enhances consumer choice, provides access to greater variety and higher quality foodstuffs, and permits countries to shift production to areas in which they enjoy a competitive advantage and can earn a greater return. The division of labour is the motive for trade and the source of economic interdependence. ... Division of labour generally also increases both producer and individual worker productivity.
they are both pillars and basics economists base on to elaborate all analysis endeavors
The division of labour is associated with the growth of total output and trade, the rise of capitalism, and the increasing complexity of industrialised processes.
Yes, please explain
The division of labor increases production and makes it more efficient by dividing the separate tasks of making an object among different individuals and thereby simplifying the job each person must perform. Whatever the reason, if people specialize in the production of what they do best, they will be more productive than if they produce a combination of things, some of which they are good at and some of which they are not.
Division of labor is important because it increases productivity. Since each worker is in charge of one specific activity the process is faster and it helps to get a higher outcome. Trading on the other hand is the activity in which products or services are exchznged for money. This is the basis of the economy
Labor and trading are specialized. It is difficult to barter equally. They share double coincidence of wants: time, location and scale.
It is related to specialization which can higher the efficiency.
International division of labor refers to the division of labor among countries (regions) in the world, which is the basis of international trade and economic ties among countries (regions). International trade is the promoter of international division of labor.
There must be trade if there is division of labor, which brings money and prosperity
Because it can better fit the apply market situation
the division of labor is very important for economic, as when a good or services are divided into division or even subdivision when in the making of the product it will have a greater quantity in a short period of time. which means division of labor increases the economic productivity. Trading is ofcourse very important as for everyone to get their daily needs they have to trade, factories for example would have to buy raw material by trading to keep on going and to keep workers employed which is why it is important for the economic. it also stabalizes inflation.
The division of labor increases production and makes it more efficient by dividing the separate tasks of making an object among different individuals and thereby simplifying the job each person must perform. Trade provides access to technology and resources
because the tasks involved with producing services or goods impact the quaility and quantity of labors and tradings
It allows a given number of workers can produce far more output using division of labor compared to the same number of workers each working alone
The extent of the division of labour is limited by the cost of coordinating intermediate inputs and the size of the market. International trade eliminates the duplication of coordination costs, resulting in an increased variety of intermediate inputs, greater division of labour, and hence to gains from trade.
division of labour is important because it allows people to be focused on one aspect of a field and allows them to specialise and get better and provide a better service or good and trading is important because allows for goods and services that didnt exist in one place to now be there and therefore it also increases competition which can create innovatiton and can be good for the consumer because there are better and better products and prices can also be reduced
Because the division of labor and trading can make the best use of labor to improve efficiency and save cost.
Division of labour are important because it generally increase both producer and individual worker productivity.
division of labor and trading means specialization. It takes a combination of time, location and scale. And that affects the economics of cost and so on.
Division of labor has been a great success to countries¡¯ economic growth as it significantly increases the productivity in all factories and companies. There had been huge differences in a few decades in middle of 18th century as the industrial revolution arose. Trade provides access to technology and resources; therefore, it enables humans to share resources which can increase the speed of technology development.
A team of system must first from the division of labor: distributing the each specific work ahead of schedule, is the prerequisite of work quality and efficiency, and cultivate a mature degree of team cooperation and cohesion of the key, if the leaders did not split work to people, in the end isn't doing a good job, don't know who look for trouble, instead, the damage caused by it belongs to you.Trade is also indispensable in the economic field.Of course, trade also requires division of labor and cooperation.
division of labor and trading can improve labor proficiency, save labor conversion time, save training costs;reduce labor supervision costs
It makes the workers more focused on their task, as they were specialized in different group, with different knowledge and level of skills. this could act as a motivation for workers to work harder and improve themself.
because division of labor and trading correlates with production per unit of contribution
The intuition is that trade results in a greater division of labor due to the increased variety of available intermediates
