No need to pay for the middleman
In centralized finance, usually we have to rely on the third party and these parties will charge some fees if we need to continue each trasaction
Because it has costly trust buildup from financial network, banks, banking supervision, deposit insurance, capital requirement and financial instability etc.
it has more complex procedures and contracts than in decentralized finance and these processes can be costly
because it has more complex procedures and less efficiency and the procedures are costly
Because there are lots of centralized middlemen within the exchanges and transactions to be paid high salaries.
Yes, please explain
First, it need the middle man/central authority to monitor and check that. Secondly, if the system be destroyed, there is no solid safety guide system to protect that. So it may need a great amount of money.
The general branches of enterprise groups are numerous, with complex organizational levels and long management chain, and these all cost the money.
Transaction fees
Firstly, Fixed costs remain unchanged or even increase gradually, making the price of centralized cloud services higher. In addition, the cost of data migration between different centralized cloud storage platforms remains high. Secondly, big bulk of transaction impose hugh burden on servers, which increases the possibility of error and may result in server crash.
because all the activities/transactions need a third party (ex: bank, government entities), so not directly from a person to a person (ex: buyer to seller)
Centralized finance is costly because it requires a middleman and the process is longer and more complex.
Centralization forces top management to possess a broad view that may be beyond their capacity (Carvel). The vast amount of power given to a few people may be abused (power corrupts absolutely, and may be used as a ¡®whip¡¯). More dangerously, the fortunes of the organization depend on the health and vitality of top management people. The organization is highly vulnerable to what happens to its dynamic and talented top management people. Centralization floods communication lines to a few individuals at the top of the organization.
centralized finance bring up very expensive solutions to the many challenges crypto is facing alongside the globalized world
We need to pay more money to the third party even if it is unnecessary. The extra money is paid to operate, maintain and support the transaction intermediary.
because it has a lot of management and other cost
Decentralization is expected to bring cost savings (through disintermediation) to make remittance services more affordable for the global population, and empowerment to participants, since the parties using the blockchain do not need to trust a powerful third party to act in their best interest. Which is the opposite of centralized finance because of the use of intermediation and the need of the third party which usually can be more costly .
Because it requires of a lot of automatization as well technology it is costly to invest on this important aspects.
Because it has costly trust buildup from financial network, banks, banking supervision, deposit insurance, capital requirement and financial instability etc.
The cost of fees paid for middlemen or custodians. All process is automatic.
Because of the need to pay fees to intermediaries, such as financial companies.
Platform flow is very expensive and high commission
Because a small centralized decisions will cost a lot of resources for other ordinary parts to execute
As we now know that decentralized finance require no middleman, different with centralized it is depending on human power to run the finance, thus making it spend extra expenditure which is put to operating cost.
because the standardization of processes allows for higher levels of efficiency, productivity, and reduced costs. it also allows more informed reporting
Yes, please explain
it is costly because it is a new technology and it is not being used as much as other available tech so there is less demand for it. It also requires a lot of money to be invested into it to update it and keep it running smoothly and without proper knowledge and training the party using it could loose a lot of money.
Because there are many handover costs.
A centralized finance requires a central server and a centralized control center. All computations are performed on specific computers and servers.
Centralized finance is operated by an organization which is formed by a group people. In this case, huge cost structure such as employee salary, server maintenance fees, rental fees and profit margin will be charged in every function which is provided by those banks. Therefore, a considerable amount of fees will be charged in each and every transaction.
Because of the high risk of centralized finance. The concentration of money, especially in large amounts, is likely to affect the liquidity of Banks and even countries.
Because iblockchain allows the transaction or personal identity gathering process secure, the third party that is securing the identity or storig the information does no longer need to cost oney on such actions.
because money should be paid to middlemen and third parties and there are also many risks and default.
one of the reason is due to the high cost for cross-border payments. Where it is relatively expensive for people to send money cross the border.
because it cost a lot to build up and maintain trust
raise interest rates to slow growth and avoid inflation; they lower them to spur growth, industrial activity, and consumer spending. In this way, they manage monetary policy to guide the country's economy and achieve economic goals, such as full employment
