There's no need for both companies to pay money for a middleman and the contact can be executed automatically
zBx: which provide flash loan .and BZx is a margin trading agreement whereby a user can pledge one currency as a margin and lend another currency under some leverage.
it is used to facilitate the exchange of money, property, information or anything that people deem appropriate to initiate a smart contract for.
In ICO Smart Contract, 1 BTC is equal to 100 ABC. Participants use ABC and could get BTC as fundraiser to build a project.
it empowers decentralized finance
it can be used in a decentralized financial project
Maybe we can build a bank in the blockchain using smart contracts for decentralized lending and borrowing within 10 minutes like AAVE or Compound.
Yes, please explain
Yes, please explain
Establish a token asset and maintain asset prices by sending market data to smart contracts./ smart contracts can easily initiate payment using the smart contract as long as they make the deal.
The protocol is implemented as a set of smart contracts on top of the Ethereum blockchain. Smart contracts guarantee safety and do not require a middleman. Users and applications can interact directly with the smart contracts. Aave Protocol is developed with security as a priority, having been audited by multiple auditors.
can be used to record property ownership.the use of smart contracts is faster and cost-efficient this makes them a much better alternative to existing systems.
Asset digitalization. For example, each asset (such as physical gold) will have an entry on the blockchain so that ownership can be tracked and recorded. The record of these assets remains fragmented and available to all stakeholders at all times.
Smart contract helps to solve the issue of mistrust between parties and business partners. ONE CASE : Civic (Validators and Users will get paid with the amount that is stated in the smart contract every time validators ask for identity verification. This can be done because these 3 parties have signed off an agreement, smart contract)
Smart contracts are an example of how blockchain can add transparency to supply chain in any industry and company. Smart contracts have the potential to eliminate systems based on written, paper errors and consolidate the lengthy channel approval process.
Smart contracts can be used in Decentralized Margin trading in platforms such as DDEX.
Smart Contracts are this layer of business logic, which enables blockchain to support a business process fulfillment. Simply put, Smart Contracts manage transactions in a pre-programmed, automated way. The common logic used to complete a transaction is either 'If-this-then-that' or 'after-this-then-that'
auto-generated
Yes, please explain
A smart contract is a set of promises defined in digital form. When several conditions are triggered, the smart contract will automatically take effect.
Vechain use smart contract to do supplychain management
One use case example is Digital Identity: Today, different institutions hold different details about your life ¨C bank records, ownership rights, job details, demographic facts, etc. To collect all this information in one file, you would need to carry a huge pile of papers, references, copies. It¡¯s pretty inconvenient, especially, if you have to pass an identity verification. Smart contracts solve this problem and allow to keep all the data on one person in one place. Whenever something happens to you, it would be registered on the blockchain to keep your identity holist.
For example, in a bank. With smart contract you don't need intermediaries so don't pay fees. You can save this money as well as avoid human errors.
Not long ago, hackers attacked Bzx and made a series of transactions.
In ICO Smart Contract, 1 BTC is equal to 100 ABC. Participants use ABC and could get BTC as fundraiser to build a project.
One of the most obvious smart contract use cases is Digital Identity. Individual identity is one of the biggest assets for that individual. It contains reputation, data, and digital assets. The digital identity, if used rightly, can bring new opportunities to the person. Also, digital identity can also help protect the identity from counter-parties and enable him to share it with companies that he intends.
Suppose EVA has a project today, and Frank is the contractor of the project. At the beginning, EVA agreed to put the payment 1 eth into the wallet of a contract, and frank correspondingly put a deposit 1 eth into the wallet as the content of the contract agreed and signed by both parties. When the project is completed and EVA After the acceptance, a consent request can be sent to this contract, and the payment 1 eth + 1 eth in this contract will be automatically paid to frank, the contractor of the project. During the construction process, the payment 2 eth in the contract is locked. Neither EVA nor Frank can move the money. Until the two people agree, the terms in the smart contract will be implemented automatically. The smart contract replaces the general paper contract documents and completes the contract terms in the form of code.
Ethereum
In medical health industry, there are EMR(electronic medical record), which is a form of smart contract
I can explain this as I have been studying on a business company called ddex which is a trading platform for traders to lend, trade and borrow. it is safe as it uses decentralized finance which imply smart contract. trading with people will not need middleman in this platform which is a good example of smart contract.
Smart contracts allow the performance of credible transactions without third parties. These transactions are trackable.
a trading platform called DDEX uses smart contract to manage transactions in a pre-programmed, automatic way to support a business process fulfillment
Smart contracts have the potential to eliminate systems based on written, paper errors and consolidate the lengthy channel approval process
Supply Chain and Product Tracking. If you're a distributor, you can use smart contracts to sell and distribute your products all over the world
Party A agrees on a something with Party B they enable a smart contract for them keep their agreement without the need for Party C to make sure that their agreements are kept
Huawei virtual Equity
For example, smart contracts allow artists to sell digital music files or other copyrighted content directly to consumers, without labels, lawyers or accountants, and automatically pay royalties.
Smart contract is used for business because it is very effiecient. Its fast, cheap, autometic, transparent, and direct as no intermediaries are involved.
Take the rental scenario for example: Village A is a village based on the blockchain trading system. B rents a house from C with a rent of 500 yuan per month for one year. The lock of the house is a combination lock, which needs the unlock secret key generated by B to open. Intelligent Contract Execution Steps: 1. The contracts of B and C are submitted to the intelligent contract server in the village, which is published on the block chain to take effect. 2.B provides the lock secret key and account address to the intelligent contract server. 3.C pays 6000 virtual COINS to the server as collateral. 4. The contract is executed. The server deducts 500 from C's mortgage fund and sends it to B's account. 5. The smart contract will check the lease time on the first day of every month. Before the lease expires, the rent will be deducted automatically and the new lock key will be sent to C. 6. If the lease expires, the server will generate a contract record to mark the termination of the contract and post it on the blockchain to terminate the contract. 7. The whole process is supervised by the village committee of A, which can check the performance of the contract at any time.
As mentioned before, smart contracts facilitate the payment processing doe decentralized applications or decentralized exchanges(DEX).
Although mortgages can be obtained through a bank, Banks generally do not hold loans for as long as 30 years, and these mortgages will be transferred to investors. But you continue to pay the bank, not the investor who holds your loan. The bank is just the handler of your monthly payments, paying investors most of it, a small amount for taxes and a smaller amount for homeowners' insurance. This is actually a very simple task, but Banks often need a quarter to half a year to deal with mortgage payments. They just take the payments from the borrower, hand them over to the investor, and charge people for the service. In theory, however, smart contracts can handle this kind of business quite easily. If loan repayments are processed by smart contracts, loan processing fees are eliminated and the money saved can be given to consumers, resulting in lower ownership costs.
Lawyers can change their traditional contracts to smart contracts to to create and maintain asset data from multiple parties, to link data to policy contracts, and to receive and act upon information that results in a pricing or business change.
users could pledge their crypto assets as collateral in a smart contract, such as autonomous bank on the blockchain.
One of the use case is for the banking. Where by using smart contracts there won't be any more fees to cover for transactions. Meaning that there are no fees needed. There are also no bureaucracy involved, allowing faster and cheaper transaction. Furthermore, transparency are guaranteed by blockchain, which reduces the possible risk of fraud.
participants can invest in a company and automatically get shares of the company
per example, a Chinese company wants to buy a french company, by minimizing the need to trust a counterparty, a third party, or a foreign legal system, it can be done through blockchain
