Over-collateralization can to some extent ensure that the coin is reliable
The stability mechanism relies on the underlying crypto collateral. The stable coin could become under-collateralized if the value of the underlying crypto assets drops too far.
The stability mechanism relies on the underlying crypto  collateral. The stable coin could become under-collateralized if the value of the underlying crypto assets drops too fast.
Because the value of crypto collateral is volatile, the sable coin is over-collateralization to buffer the price swing of the crypto collateral.
Yes, please explain
A borrower may use over-collateralization in order to get better terms for a loan, An issuer of asset-backed securities may use over-collateralization to reduce the risk to potential investors. In either case, over-collateralization may enhance the credit rating of the borrower or the issuer of debt.
Stable coins can maintain its value as time past, it can decrease the risk of fluctuations of value as they are the warrant of the loan. Stable currencies enable people to trade in the real ways.
To reduce the possibility of cheating and to control the toal amount of coins
so that users can get some benefits from the characteristics of blockain-powered digital currencies, such as low-cost, and high-speed transchactions
Distinct cryptocurrencies, put together in one group, act as a collateral for an issued stablecoins
Over-collateralization is providing excess collateral in exchange for funding in order to reduce the risk. By reducing the risk of users to suffer from a drop of value in cryptocurrency. This is how coins stay stable.
A borrower may use over-collateralization in order to get better terms for a loan, An issuer of asset-backed securities may use over-collateralization to reduce the risk to potential investors. In either case, over-collateralization may enhance the credit rating of the borrower or the issuer of debt.
he reason the price is stable is due to the existence of the collateral. It is operated by lending consumers coins whose value are stabilized using cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum as collateral.
Because over-collateralization can relieve the shortage of assets and give customers more investment chances so it can keep the stablilty of stable coins.
Over-collateralization is the provision of collateral that is worth more than enough to cover potential losses in cases of default which is highly required for the stability of stable coins
Becaus of the volatility of cryptocurrency. Over-collateralization is important equilibrate it
The stability mechanism relies on the underlying crypto  collateral. The stable coin could become under-collateralized if the value of the underlying crypto assets drops too fast.
In order to solve the problem of collateral stability. This means that, according to the level of volatility, there will be more than one dollar of digital currency reserve behind each dollar of stable currency, which can help group users hedge the volatility.
it is like the allowance in the accounting to give more space
Because the money get from over-collateralization will not be shown on the balance sheet
over collateralization is required as the purpose of overcollateralization is to increase the credit rating or the credit profile of the borrower or the issuer of securities by reducing the risk to investors making it a requirement for stability of stable coin.
because for every dollar of the stable coin, there is over a dollar of cryptocurrency in reserve depending on the level of volatility
Yes, please explain
The credit enhancement structure of the excess collateral takes advantage of the extra spread that is the amount after all fees and the coupon cost of the bond are paid to pay the bond principal. This payment structure is also known as a turbine structure because it speeds up the repayment of the bond's principal and thus creates a cushion of excess collateral against losses.
Technically, over-collateralization is really common in secured personal loans. In this case, whether the stable coin is pegged to any kinds of valuable currency or not, the stability mechanism solely depends on the value of collateralized asset. Therefore, over-collateralization is required to prevent the risks of collateralized asset dropping to below its loan values and help to avoid the whole system from being collapsed.
Because of the high risk of overguarantee, a stable currency is needed as a possible guarantee, although it is not necessarily stable.
over-collateralization is required to ensure security.
It is due to the differences of volatility between cryptocurrency and stablecoins. Crypto-collaterized protocols were made, which usually require overcollateralization.
because the value of the crypto collateral is volatile and over-collateralization can buffer the swing
Easily used in leverage trading related to the over- collateralization
