money is a consensus
The essence of money is a commodity. Money is a tool used as a medium of exchange, a store of value and a unit of account. It is a special commodity that ACTS as an equivalent in the exchange of goods and services. Money includes both circulating money, especially legal tender, and savings deposits of all kinds. In the modern economy, only a small part of the field of money is shown in real currency, that is, in actual paper money or COINS, and most transactions are made by checks or electronic money.
I think that money is what has come to pass for human creative power, the real life-activity of the human essence
The main functions of money are distinguished as: a medium of exchange; a unit of account; a store of value; and, occasionally, a standard of deferred payment.
Money is a store way, banknotes and a consensus.
money is a consensus, as well as a general equivalent for trading commodities
money is a consensus, as well as a general equivalent for trading commodities
Money is a consensus and a memory in transactions.
Yes, please explain
A current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes
a media for people to exchange the goods they want
Money is the product of commodity exchange in order to improve the efficiency of trading in a particular country or socio-economic context.
The essence of money is commodity. Money is a tool used as a medium of exchange, a storage value and a unit of account. It is a special commodity that acts as an equivalent in the exchange of goods and services.
Money is the division of labour and trading.  It is a medium of exchange Money was define by Aristotle as 3 things: account unit, reverse of value and the medium of exchange
used as exchange medium, value standard, deferred payment standard, value storage
anything that is generally acceptable as a means of payment (story/consensus)
an abstract social power embodied in law, as an unconditional means of payment
Money is a medium of exchange, store of value or store of value:  it enables people to get a service or a good in exchange for it.
Money is an economic unit that functions as a generally recognized medium of exchange for transactional purposes in an economy. Money provides the service of reducing transaction cost, namely the double coincidence of wants. Money originates in the form of a commodity, having a physical property to be adopted by market participants as a medium of exchange
Money is what has come to pass for human creative power, the real life-activity of the human essence. Hence capital is, according to the definition of political economy, accumulated, piled-up labour and, where production arises from the exchange of products, money is exchange value.
Money is a consensus, memory and story
Money is a social institution that provides a solution to the problem of a lack of trust.
In short, money can be anything that can serve as a store of value, which means people can save it and use it later¡ªsmoothing their purchases over time; unit of account, that is, provide a common base for prices; or  medium of exchange, something that people can use to buy and sell from one another.
It is an object that records transacitions and is the technolgy that support cryptocurrencies. It is generally exchanged for goods or services. It tries to make fair the exchanges.
General equivalent
Money is a store way, banknotes and a consensus.
Money is a consensus.
money is a consensus
general equivalent
a kind of universal equivalent
money is a consensus . It has 3 functions, medium of exchange, stock value, and unit of account.
a measurement that affects our choices on purchasing something
A measure of mans choices
money is way that is universally accepted by people as a way to evaluate objects and pay for those objects
Equivalent exchange, a medium of exchange for goods
Money is a special tool used as a medium for transaction.
Money is not just paper. Money is what has come to pass for human creative power, the real life activity of the human essence. And other definition money is a exchange value that everyone needs in the cycle of economic.
money is memory. money is a story/ consensus.
Money is a consensus trading currency which has a few functions such as a unit of account, a store of value and can be carried out of thin air.
Money is essentially its universal equivalent.
Money is in its essence a people`s decision. Every decision of people life results in an outcome of some kind of money.
money is a consensus
Money is the basic of each trade made in life. It was created in order to put certain value on each item fairly, in order for people to make an exchange fairly. It is basically the real life-activity of the human essence.
money is a consensus
a current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes; coins and banknotes collectively.
