People don't need to rely on their memory if using commodity money, so it's clearer; fiat money is easy to carry and divide than commodity money
Commodity money: 1.it has its own value and can be reformed into other commodities . Fiat money:1 easy to manage money supply 2. easy to carry and store
Commodity money is physical representation to relieve human brain from accounting. It uses tangible goods as a medium of exchange and is easily recognized by the society. Fait money is endorsed by government. It is easy to carry and store. It makes it easy to manage money supply and makes economic stimulus possible.
Fiat money means money which does not represent material goods or goods and which the issuer is under no obligation to cash in kind; Fiat currencies are state-mandated instruments of exchange, such as the renminbi, that have no value in themselves. While Commodity money is another kind of money except fiat money. Besides the guarantee of the government, money itself also has its intrinsic basic value
Commodity money is money of its own value and its market value, while fiat money is a state-regulated instrument of transaction, and has no value in itself
Commodity money: To relieve human brain from accounting; Tangible to be a medium of change; easily recognized by the society. Fiat money: easy to manage money supply; endorsed by governments; economic stimulus possible; easy to carry and store.
Yes, please explain
The most important advantage of commodity money is basically that it serves an additional purpose. For example, gold can be turned into jewelry, while cigarettes can be smoked. This gives the holder added options; he can either use or spend the money.
Commodity money: they are tangible goods and have the real value; it can be easily recognized by the society because it is consensus.  For fiat money: they are issued by government so it is easy to manage the supply; it makes the economic stimulus possible and they are easy to carry.
They canbe used as a trading medium.
Lower inflation, good for saving (Commodity money). More stability, more growth (Fiat money)
Commodity money is the physical representation to relieve human brain from accounting, tangible goods as medium of exchange, easily recognisable by society. fiat money is endorsed by the government, easy to manage money supply, economic stimulus possible and easy to carry and store.
Commodity money has intrinsic value rather than being just a symbol. Fiat money stands for onvenient transaction and high credit
Commodity money= have intrinsic value Fiat Money= stable value
Lower Inflation, Less Artificial Influence, Intrinsic Value, Good for Saving (commodity money). More Stability, More Growth (fiat money).
Fiat money to act as a means of storing value and facilitating exchange, it also provides a greater control for banks in many aspects. Regarding commodity money is that in its essence it serves an additional purpose. They ca be used for long therm investment and the market can not change the value or affect exchange product price. Examples would be Gold, Silver, Oil, etc.
Advantages of fiat money are more stability more growth Advantages of commodity money are lower inflation, less artificial influence, intrinsic value ,good for saving ,
The most important feature of fiat money is the stability of its value, unlike commodity-based money like gold, copper, and silver. The use of fiat money became popular in the 20th century as governments and banks moved in to protect their economies from the frequent busts of the business cycle.  Commodity-based currencies were volatile due to the regular business cycle and periodic recessions. The central banks can print or hold paper money as they may need, giving them greater control over the money supply, interest rates, and liquidity.
commodity money is based on a physical resource, it is less prone to devaluing from inflation.
Commodity money is like gold and ciggarette.They are more stable. Fiat money is also at a stable price and bank notes can stimulate economics.
using these money can adjust the market and avoid chaos
For commodity money-Lower Inflation: Because commodity money is based on a physical resource, it is less prone to devaluing from inflation. Less Artificial Influence: By the same token, commodity currencies are less able to be regulated by the government. Intrinsic Value: Fiat currencies are often criticized as having no ¡°intrinsic value.¡± Commodity money, it is argued, is based on something that has actual value (due to its utility) and it is, therefore, a more acceptable medium for facilitating exchanges. Good for Saving: Since the physical stock of commodities tends to grow slower than the market, commodity-based currencies are more likely to undergo deflation. People who invest and save commodities can be fairly certain that the value of their saved assets will increase in the case of deflation. For fiat money-More Stability: Because fiat money can more or less be controlled by the government, nations are more flexible in regards to responding to economic variables like liquidity, interest and money velocity. More Growth: In a fiat economy, the government can increase the money supply by printing new bills, which can stimulate economic growth.
Commodity money: It can sold fast, specially during shorten times. They can be turned to other objects like gold, into rings. It is good for saving, and it has value buy itself. Fiat money: Helps the government to have more control in the issue of it, it doesn't depend on commodity money which value can get low duting hard times.
Commodity money is physical representation to relieve human brain from accounting. It uses tangible goods as a medium of exchange and is easily recognized by the society. Fait money is endorsed by government. It is easy to carry and store. It makes it easy to manage money supply and makes economic stimulus possible.
Commodity money: Physical representation to relieve human brain from accounting, and it¡¯s tangible which is easily recognized by society Fiat money: It¡¯s like the banknotes, so it¡¯s easy to manage money supply and make economics stimulus possible. Also it¡¯s easy to carry and store.
Commodity currency: 1. Exchange rate changes in the same direction as bulk commodity 2. High interest rate 3. Easy to be recognized by the society Legal currency: 1. Recognized by the government 2. Easy to manage 3. Bring economic stimulus 4. Easy to carry and store
It has its own value and utility
The former one is better in actual trading, while the latter one is better in laws and government operation
commodity money are money such that of physical material like gold, silver or even fish. this has a good advantage as it is not controllable by anyone because no one can produce more on it advantaging the consumer. it is hard to devalue from inflation and it adds an extra purpose to the people. Fiat money has advantage as it is endorse by government, easy to manage money supply,economic stimulus possible and also easy to carry and store.
Commodity money has lower inflation, less artificial influence and fiat money has more stability and more growth.
commodity money is advantegeous for long term investments and serves an additional purpose. while fiat money has more stable value
It serves an additional purpose. Stability allows fiat money to act as a means of storing value and facilitating exchange.
for commodity money some of its advantages are it is less prone to devaluing from inflation, commodity currencies are less able to be regulated by the government and based on something that has actual value (due to its utility) and it is, therefore, a more acceptable medium for facilitating exchanges. For fiat money Because it can more or less be controlled by the government, nations are more flexible in regards to responding to economic variables like liquidity, interest and money velocity. The second advantage is that government can increase the money supply by printing new bills, which can stimulate economic growth. Since physical commodities cannot be produced by the government, commodity-based economies tend to grow slower.
advantages of commodity money is that it acts as an alternative to real money and therefore it can have added value like raw materials like gold it can be processesed and turned into jewerly. and fiat money is just the normal money used in day to day transactions and is made official by the governing body of a country
Commodity money has its own value and use valueCommodity money has its own value and use Commodity money has its own value and use value.Fiat money is easy to carry, managed by the government.It has legal effect.It is convenient to trade
Commodity money is based on physical resource, it is less prone to devaluing from inflation. As for fiat money, they can be controlled by the government, nations are more flexible in regards to responding to economic variables like liquidity, interest and money velocity.
commodity money: tangible goods as a medium of exchange; easily recognized by the society. fiat money: endorsed by governments; easy to manage money supply; economic stimulus possible; easy to carry and store.
Commodity money is less likely to decrease in value when drastic situations happen like wars and financial crisis. It has intrinsic value and it is less artificial influence. Fiat money provides more growth as the government can increase the money supply by printing new bills, which can stimulate economic growth.
Commodity money is money backed by physical objects, gold and silver, and money on the gold standard, such as the Bretton Woods dollar. Commodity money is another kind of money except legal tender. Besides the guarantee of the government, money itself also has its intrinsic basic value. And legal tender is a transaction tool stipulated by the state, such as RMB, which itself has no value (just a piece of paper). Legal tender is adopted in real life due to its advantages such as low cost and easy portability.
commodity money:high interest rate;a relatively high export share of GDP;exchange rate moves in the same direction as a commodity.  fiat money: endorsed by goverments;easy to manage money supply;economic stimulus possible;easy to carry and store
commodity money is based on physical resources, indicating that it is less prone to devaluing from inflation. As people buy or acquire more resource, it is impossible for the government to create more of those resource. Therefore resulting in the increase of the value of those resources.     Fiat currency are more or less controlled by the government. Making nations more flexible in regards to responding to economic variables like; liquidity, interest and money velocity.
commodity money is tangible and easily recognized by the society. fiat money is convenient to use.easy to mange and endorsed by government.
Commodity money has another value or use, such as gold/jewelry/shells or possibly metal coins. Fiat money is worthless without a guarantee from a government (notice on US currency it says people MUST accept this for all debts)
